 Job postings often state that the successful applicant must have superior critical thinking and problem-solving skills. Yet employers tell college administrators that graduates, both from undergraduate and graduate programs, often lack these skills.

Having read this week's assigned materials, how would you define critical thinking?
Why are employers making these comments? Are they justified – should colleges be responsible for teaching critical thinking? If not, whose job is it?


AMSWER: 
 
 
 
  In the beginning, I want to say that I had read the assigned materials. In my view, critical thinking is the most effective skill to explore any object of the concept and consider the facts by differing aspects of logical or sound judgment. Everybody should need to learn how to think reflectively because it helps people to develop their decision making, which could be based on personal biases, self-interest, or irrational emotions and do not try to think uncritically. Its a common matter that many people just think simply but they should need to improve their thinking. Because when a person for example works or performs in any teamwork or collaboration work in any project he should just need to figure out to deal with the situation and make a solid decision to manage and handle the situation. 

    In my first point, always try to keep the goal in your mind, this strategy helps a man to improve his thinking and reach his goal. For example, in an office that he would go to be work on he must need to set up a goal and make a target on how he could handle it and deliver on time. 

     In my second point, try to know your preferences while you are working on it. Besides this, he needs to take a look or follow his past employees and learn from them too.

       In my third point, try to question and figure out ts answer to the work he or she is going to work on. Try to figure the both positive and negative sides. By gathering the information would also help to gain knowledge about the work. Moreover, always try to evaluate or assess the reality of information to deal with the situation as well as keep store all available data. 

  In my fourth point, collaborating is one of the most necessary ways to improve critical thinking. Because it would help you to get feedback on your works from others as those people could from different backgrounds and express their different views.

    

     On the other hand, employees often comment that college administrators that graduates, both from undergraduate and graduate programs, often lack these skills. Because most of the university does not teach their student the soft skills. University does not teach a student real-world examples. Most of the students do not help learn their students to think critically in any situation which is the strongest soft skill. In my opinion,  colleges should be responsible for teaching critical thinking. Because if a student learns real-world skills from college he or she could get a good job as an employer aspect. Because in the job life you must need to face the soft skill while when you work with a team. Besides this, employes always give importance to their workers who have critical thinking.  Because this strategy helps an employer business to innovate more and continue to remain more competitive creative solution. For example, the job position could be Manager, Business Analyst, Human Resource specialist, Accountant, Lawyer, Marketing Associate, Sales Agent, or Customer service representative., in this workplace, critical thinking is a kind of power that gives a positive contribution to any company or business.

  

 